(r) a+ Haven't had anything but fetty, fetty analogs and research chemicals for a minute here. It's been bullshit lately.   Got some Red and Black A+ and it's REAL D. Got me well and has some legs on it too. Good stuff. Found it out East.   Finally pgh has some read D and not just some fake stuff that lasts for an hour, gets you super sick and is so weird or strong that suboxone won't even help sometimes.  Watch out for these kids hustling fent and who knows what else.   A+ 👍🏻👍🏻
(r) rolex 412 Aiight, so I got these black label with a crown and says Rolex.   Imo. They're not even dope, or fet. Some sort of rc..  I smoke and snort my shit. Smoke tastes God awful and I usually enjoy the taste.  Sniff, normal burn but made my friend sneeze every single hit.  High is nothing like opies..  Just stay away from these.  I ended up throwing away 5 bags.  Monroe area just sayin.. Wish my dude was a better business man...
(r) 412 Creed red print 0 fake shit and red Pepsi same print as the last ones that where in the city but some one put some bull shit in them bags and is trying to get sales off of the old names saying it's the same thing but we know that's not true don't waste your money you will be pissed
(r) 973 paterson 1st ward "amazing race" black stamp ~ warning not dope Got stuck with 2 buns of this bullshit...I wouldn't even rate it a 1...not dope, not RC's, not fent...a complete waste of $60.  However this bs got me pissed off enough to venture over to the 4th Ward and got some decent stuff...review to come shortly 
(r) blue magic & red lobster 973/609 3/10 BLUE MAGIC blue stamp white bag disappointing; 2/10 Red Lobster even more disappointing red stamp white bag... what the fuck man... fuck me.
(r) free el chappo. rainbow stamp patterson (fire) Just copped 3 more movies!!  The stamps called "free El chappo" and Thier is no picture just the words stamped I in rainbow colored ink.        The quantity is above average like a 6.5 but the quality is awesome like a true 7.5 in my opinion.  This is the best shit I have gotten in recent memory I almost never use the word fire but these qualify as fire and I will keep stocking up long as I can. If u see these get them!!! They b up the hill!! Happy Hunting!!! I usually do like a bun of good shit just to feel good and if I get a nod off a bun I consider it top notch but I b drueling off like 5-6 bag of this. B very careful, if u shoot u should do small test shot to see how u like it. Thier has been like a dozen over doses in and around the 973 in last few weeks please everyone b careful!!!!!  Let me know if u guys like it as much as I do?!?!?!?!?
(r) 412 Strong man red ink fetty they are small and no legs I would say a 2.5/3 will get you off sick if you do enough but I wouldn't buy again!
(r) rocky and first aid Rocky- A solid 6. Nothing crazy but definitely got the job done and more with a normal dose.  First Aid (Skull and Crossbones)- 5, again did the job well but not quite as good as the rocky stamps.
(r) bangman purple stamp 973 ptown I got it yesterday from and old connect up the hill by putnum and it's was actually pretty good. I have a very high tolerance and I still got a really good rush everytime i shot and nodded no prob so I rate it 6.5
(r) 412 final four blue stamp I got more of them final four I think there two maybe three different batches going around I had ones that were d and then I got some more and they were brown like d with a fetty taste they got me right but I felt like shit the next morning I just got more and they are tan with sparkles threw them they got a fetty taste and made me feel good I would say that this batch is the better one over the last two times I got these 
(r) several Black preprint Cobras-garbage I don't even think it's dope 0/10  White no names- fetty not very strong but will do the job 3.5/10  Blue bag red Jaguar stamp- garbage it's d but barely 1/10  Small white bag preprint Spartan helmet or something- eh soso I guess if u do enough ull get high but maybe a 3 or 4/10  Where is all the good ones?  I was gettin masters and diesel mans for the longest now all I can find is shit I need HELP!!!  
(r) gucci 973/609 6/10 GUCCI from Newark, blue stamp w/ symbol and text on white bag. I've shot 5 bags over the course of the day so far and feel pretty damn good. Nice rush, decent legs and mixes up nice clear golden brown.
412 (r) Green hello - 4.5/5/10 nothing special wouldn't look for them but if there all that's around they'll get job done. Size 5/10 legs 4/10   Blue frank Lucas-6/10 good d. I'd be happy getting these any day size 5/10 legs 6/10   Blue get outs-2/10 sucked wouldn't reccomend at all. Size 2/10 very small no legs. All around shitty d   Green diesel pre print -0/10 not even d idk what it is. Gave a bunch of us cotton fever. AVOID.   Small white bags with black / green star - 6.5/10 good rush 7/10 size very fat nice legs 6/10 but it's sparkly and leaves behind dark nasty cut.   Green hitmans - 6.5/10 good d almost same as blue feraris. Nice size 6/10 legs 7/10. Seek em out if ya can.   Blue feraris - best I've had n a while 6.5-7/10 deffly recommend these. Size 7/10 fat dips. Legs 6/10   Blue hits - 4/10 not the best but get job done. Size regular 412 dips 5/10 legs 3/10 not the best but they work. Don't like them myself   Blue camaro's - 5/10 dark d. Size 5/10 legs 6/10 all around decent dips.   Red get outs - 5/10 decent dark d. Size 4/10 legs 6/10.  All within last 3-4 weeks. Feraris and hitmans and stars are most recent. From last few days. 
(r) frank lucas Good dope 7/10
(r) several Power (green) with money sign in a bill - 5.5/6 better than most of the ones I've had recently  Warning we are back (blue) - they were good at the beginning then got better now they are just ok. Either there is 2 different batches or they stomped the fuck outta them. When they got better they were light. Now they are dark and cloudy and smell like vitamins. The legs are good regardless but the high is definitely weaker with the dark ones. So I don't know how to even rate. I liked them better than the power or at least the same as the power til this new darker batch came thru.   Red bulls (red) - same as the warnings. Were good then better now OK. Stomped on too I guess.   Anyone else getting the warnings and red bulls ?
(r) relish and dusse These are another new name for the 3 folds. There fent pretty good compared to anything else that I've been getting. This is always my go to shit wen there's no other fire fent around just because they've been consistent at least I know what I'm getting. Same as the uggs.
(r) back on track, ny jets, kiss me, good mood, tmt the money team Snort and Plug, 3 is disappointing, 9 is fire, perfect range is 7 to 8, in my rating system.  Been doing for 3 years, like fetty and d mixes.  Back on Track, black w railroad pic- solid 6.5  really good imo, definitely a mixture.  My friend who shoots didn't like them nearly as much as I did.  Great legs, okay kick  NY Jets, red- solid 6, mixture of old school d, okay kick and legs  Kiss Me, red- fetty, disappointing, small bags, no legs at all, no euphoria, solid for getting off sick 4/10.  Good Mood, turquoise- plain d, nothing special, average, 5  TMT The Money Team, blue- similar to Back on Track, mixture of a bunch of shit, maybe d and pills, loved it, great kick and legs, 7 imo.  Again, my girl said that shooters didn't like it as much as snorters.  Snorted and plugged all of these with snort giving more kick, plug giving legs.  Be safe! ❤️
(r) ugg 412 3 folds like the freebandz and cobras...not as good IMO but I don't know of much else better. They're purple
(r) pablo escobar and lexus 973 These are the best I have had recently. I give them a7/10. Nice rush and legs.
(r) 973 ptown -blue- "roc a fella" & -blue- "miracle watts"     Copped the Roc A fella from a newer but quickly becoming my steady and main connect.  Grabbed both stamps down the hill, 1st ward area.  Also both myself and my wife sniff, that might affect my opionion on particular stamps.    Roc A fella was was some real solid stuff, definitely the best I've gotten out there in about a week.  I'd give it a 6 on count & quality, but def a 7 for legs.  Lasted over 24hrs without having to do more.  Haven't been able to do that since the bags this time last year with the extra fold      Miracle watts was about on par with the other stuff I'd been copping not horrible, but nothing special either.  I'd give this one a solid 5 all around      Be safe out there guys and let's keep the ptown info flowing 
(r) 609 white magic White Magic white bags with green print all d no fent I give it a 6.5 decent sized bags 
(r) best buy, dab lords, and dead presidents Okay I sniff and smoke so take my review as you will.  best buys were purple with the best buy tag logo. Decent size, medium strength high, nice legs. Wouldn't seek them out but they were good.   Dead presidents, again purple stamp. Fat bags, good high and short legs.  Would definitely get them again.   Dab lords, another purple stamp.  Okay size, strong high, great legs. Definitely seek those ones out. Best of the bags I've been getting the past 3 weeks.   All those were diesel definitely worth it.   Also got some preprints with "Indian chief" Indian being misspelled, fetty bags decent but not great. Short high, low strength for fett definitely wouldn't buy again. 
(r) money power 412 Green stamp that says money and has a picture of a dollar. Some decent dope brown mixes clear. Nice legs and decent rush. I'd say this is your standard dope. 6/10 best stuff my dude came through with in awhile since hes been fucking slipping. Go pens
(r) nino brown 7/10 pretty good shit from Newark.  Looking forward to doing more tmoro with less sub in my system.  White bag, blue stamp, decent size, mixes up real nice: clear golden brown.
(r) 973 ptown- red 2017 Really, really good. Long legs 8/10 id say.  Strength probably 7.5-8/10 as well. Overall really solid.  Better then alot going around right now in my experience. avoid orange 2017, top secret/killa season/tight theyre all the same shit and are trash. 
(r) 973 top secret and tunnel vision. Ptown Top secret 8 quantity, 5 quality Tunnel vision 5 quantity 7 quality
(r) green jaguar 412 do not fuck with these. they coagulate instantly and when i tried to cook them they literally bubbled up into like a foam? never seen anything like that. they clog your rig. there is some sort of high but totally not worth it. 2/10
(r) 973 ptown TIGHT blue letters in the rectangular shaped bags  Quantity 6 Quality 8 fucking nodding off two bags snorting
(r)412 Purple penguins. Colored bands untaped and fire..also nice size for fbags..
(r) 973 ptown blue - "fight night" & red "made in mexico" Haven't posted in a minute...shits been really mediocre at best.  Got a new connect, from the same area (Down the Hill / by the main / 1st ward) anyway nothing to get excited about the fight was crap, 4.0 overall, got me off E, but found myself back there in about 10hrs...pretty crazy to be sick again after doing 15 bags, the bun I saved for the next day lasted even less.      Made in Mexico red stamp was better, be still just eh...I'd give it a 4.5-5.0...at least a bun would hold me for 12-14hrs...I really feel like for someone who only sniffs and has never shot I should be lasting good longer...I remember last summer getting the bags that were folded an extra time and were such fire that a bun would last me and my wife 24hrs       Where tf is the good dope at in Paterson???....I went over to the 4th and got more crap with a bun of definite fake stuff mixed in...like Gatorade mix, not even dope at all....good luck out there guys and let's get some more jersey reviews going, be safe 
(r) warning we are backs man my connects are slipping. theyve been bring me bullshit. these warnings are the best around and thats saying nothing. got some red stars that were garbage. white powder that dont mix up and clog your shit. did a bun of those and nothing. red bulls which dont do shit. getting pissed wasting my money
(r) soul survivors 412 so my dude had me try these. soul survivor stamp with a skull with a eye patch above it. its blue with black detail in the skull. never seen two colors stamps like this tone of detail. look really cool. the stuff mixes clear but has a darker brown color. i only did 4 but noticed a rush and a nice high. im gonna get more and give them a full test. i give them a 5
(r) 973 feel the high Ptown bags. Blue lettering stamp feel the high.   Quantity 6 Quality 7  Feel the high is about the same quality as Killa season. Less quantity for sure. Still decent quantity for ptown bags. 
(r) lyft and nino brown from 973 Lyft: white bag, taped with red LYFT + Face stamp; rating 5 overall they were better a few weeks ago @ 6.5-7; more cut this time around and smaller bags. I had posted on these before but couldn't read the stamp the first time around. Nino Brown: white bag blue NINO BROWN + Face stamp; rating 7 overall... nice nice D mixes clean rich golden brown and bags decent size... i was shoting 2 bags at a time and felt lovely. you know it's good shit when you puke and it's a pleasurable experience.  dude has some now but i've already blown through my whole paycheck... fuuuuck   973 has way better quality than whats going around here in 609.. best shit I've had around here was some "raw" unstamped bags that came from camden lately... i'd rate that shit a 5 b/c my guy made the bags pretty fat.  honestly most of the D I get in 609 is unstamped so it's hard to rate on here.  haven't seen too many post from jersey lately hope everyone doing ok.
(r)412 Blue a+ good fetty some the better ive had.. Solid 6.... Better than red a+ bigger too.. Be careful out there people... Alot of ppl odinf these dayz rwg my dude cyu on the other side homie.. 😖
(r) red stamp that say vietnam with two guns on top of the text i like the fetty and i sniff i really didn't like them they are d they have that bitter taste like good d has i wouldn't buy again just cause i like fetty and d just doesn't do it for me but they got me off sick 
(r) 412. money gang / warning we are back got these money gangs. dude is telling me how good they are. cop them and they are a 3 maybe a 4. no rush. mixes clear. def no fent. told my dude im not a fan and he thinks im lying to him, but im like for what. im not asking for anything just giving my feedback. annoying as fuck trying to find anything worth while lately. The Warnings are def better. Dope that mixes mostly clear. Can get a rush iff you do a little extra. Legs are alright. I give them around a high 4.
(r)412 Red and white gold rush. Fiiire best since indian cheif and big doodles but longer legs. these my favs.. Oh btw they arent taped and please use caution when doing they are a good size if u have a pretty high tollerance do 1 low tolerance half a bag.. If u have extremely high tolerance u can probably handle 2.. All the while be careful..
(r)973 ptown Killa Season purple stamp. 8 quantity for ptown bags. 7 quality.  Top Secret blue stamp. 7 quantity 6 for quality.
(r) 412 I know we use this thread to review different bags and things of that nature but something that goes hand and hand with bags are zanny bars at least with the people I deal with! Just to let people know that there are a few fake zanny going around there are fake green bars and there are also the ones that say mylan a4 these pills look perfect no defects at all just letting you guys know if you buy them make shore you get them off some one reliable!! They are A1 fakes best I ever seen these are coming from the north side so just keep your eyes open 
(r) 724 young money blue stamp Had to go through someone that I usually don't mess with but it seems like all my people are either not around or phones off.  They had young money written on them and then a big y and m symbol.  Would rate them a 6.5, thought they were better than a lot of stuff around here lately.  Size varied though some were average and some were pretty small but would def recommend 
(r) 973 ptown I know this site is pretty much dead to 973 unfortunately but here ya go.  HBO - red = 6  Outlaws - blue = 5.5-6  Ghetto dope -blue. =6-6.5  Cartier - blue. ==. 4.5-5  That's it in last week.
(r) light blue bags 412 Light blue bags no tape no name on them don't even try them if some how you do get them smell the bags they have this strange smell like perfume or something they are some type or fetty or maybe not I just think someone is trying to push these if they didn't have this smell to them that you can't miss your smell it!! it has like a car scent to it I have no clue what this shit is I grabbed some but cant give a review just for the simple fact you got to be crazy so sniff it your better off sniffing glue!!!
724 (r) Red CREED fire Fetty 6.5 with legs!! Been high for hours now!! 
(r) dead presidents green stamp 315 area 6.5/10 - Pretty good rush that gives me pins and needles when I do my normal 3 bag shot. The count could definitely be a lot better though as some bags were pretty undersized. The legs were quite good as it will keep the first signs of sickness at bay for 9-12 hours. All in all I'd definitely recommend these Dead Presidents with tthe light/bright green stamp.
(r) 412- red lambos, blue nike's n red louis v's The Red Lambos are about a 4/10. Not ANYTHING SPECIAL but if they are all u can get, I WOULD DEF GRAB THEM. Next up, the Blue Nike's. 5.5-6/10 All Day. U come across them grab em. U WON'T B Disappointed at all. A FEW of my get high buddies ACTUALLY SEEK these out. Then last but not LEAST, the Red Louis V's. 6/10 Out of all 3 of the diff bags I've been doing, these are the best. Big bags, strong rush n long legs. Also, ALL of these bags are DOPE !!! NOT THAT FAKE ASS BULL SHIT FETTY that a lot of u guys have been DOING. N what BLOWS MY FUKIN MIND, is that the BULL SHIT u guys are callin FETTY is some CHEAP ASS FETTY ANALOGUE RC that NO 1 REALLY KNOWS what it even is. B/c I DONT KNOW IF ANY of u fellow addicts EVEN REALIZE this, but real FETTY HCL is about $1000 bux a gram n EVERYONE WOULD B OD'in LIKE CRAZY !! Real FETTY HCL is da shit in the old Gel Patches or the shit in the New BULL SHIT patches that u have to extract. Its da shit that is MEASURED IN MICRO GRAMS !! NOT EVEN MILLIGRAMS. N the only REASON these Dope boys are even taking the SERIOUS CHANCE of selling FETTY is b/c it's really considered to b the CRACK of the OPIATE/OPIOID world. U just get a quick INTENSE RUSH n that's all. N if ur only doing FETTY Analogues it makes ur TOLERANCE FUKIN SKYROCKET !!! N then u have 2 re-dose 3-5 times a day, JUST SO UR NOT DOPE SIK. I was in Re-hab with a nurse who was HEAVILY ADDICTED to Real FETTY HCL n she would HAVE 2 GO 2 SLEEP with a FETTY patch in her mouth just so she wouldn't wake up Dope Sik in da Mid of the Night !! Could u FUKIN IMAGINE DAT !! N THE ABSOLUTE CRAZIEST thing the nurse told me about her FETTY use n addiction was that the Re-hab facility she was in, had a Detox. But they LITTERALLY had 2 send her 2 a REAL HOSPITAL with a REAL ER n CRUCIAL CARE UNIT n they HAD 2 PUT HER INTO A MEDICALLY INDUCED COMA b/c she was so FUKIN DOPE SIK with such a high tolerance that that was the BEST n ONLY HUMANE thing that they could do 4 her. B/c NONE of the Detox Meds would even touch her. So the MORAL of MY LONG ASS RANT IS, KEEP FUKIN WITH THIS FAKE ASS JUNK WANNA B FETTY n your gonna END UP in DEATHS CREEK n DETOX RIVER with NO PATTLEZ , NO BOAT, NO LIFE JACKETZ n NOT EVEN ANY FUKIN DETOX MEDS that can help. TL;DR- DONT DO/SEEK out these FAKE ASS FETTY analogues that aren't GONNA DO NOTHING VUT make ur TOLERANCE FUKIN Crazy, Make u OD or just MAKE U have 2 cop 2-3 more times than u would have 2 if you were doin GOOD OL HEROIN. STAY SAFE n GO 2 THE FUKIN NEEDLE EXCHANGE at da Health Department on Sunday between 12pm-3pm n GET SOME FUKIN NARCAN !!!! I fell out, left da hospital AMA n they gave me 2 DOSES of Narcan 2 leave with. I got home, got high n FELL DA FUK OUT !!!! THANK GOD MY WIFEY/SON's Mother was with me n I HAD DA FUKIN NARCAN !!!! IT SAVED MY LIFE !! ITS FREE from da Needle Exchange n it just might SAVE UR LIFE or the LIFE of a LOVED 1 !!! IF ANY1 DOESN'T KNOW WHERE the NEEDLE EXCHANGE is at or just doesn't wanna go by themselves, hit me up with a PM n ID B SO GLAD TO HELP !!!!
(r) green line (609) all d no fent Green line some of the best and cleanest d I ever did you don't even need cotton to suck it up I would give it a 7/7/7 long sexy legs 
(r) 412...big doodle...fent Strange name but deffinately awesome fent. Where I usually do between 3 and 6 bags of most fent depending on how strong it is, with these I only need 2 and I would deffinately even be more than good doing a little less. Be careful if u don't usually do fent bags. Stay safe out there...
(r) bulldog--in the 412 grabbed these last night cause my guy with the glocks wasn't around.  Bull dog stamp says bulldog with a picture of a, you guessed it, bulldog.    all around, they're a solid 6.  the rush was great, and they had decent legs.  bags were average in size.  I liked these a touch better than the glocks, however, it could be cause Im used to the glocks.   I enjoyed them, and would probably seek them out again.  wasn't sure if I was straight d, or a d and fent mix.  stay safe my friends.
412 (r) ak47 and redbull Blue AK-47 - tan dope mixes up slightly milky with a golden brownish color and draws up like apple juice if u put a little heat to them to thin it out. Same quality as the glocks if you've had the blue glocks just a tad darker. Bags are small as hell tho. Been doing mixes so can't really say to much for the legs plus I get a 30 sec rush n my buzz is gone but they hold me off for a few hours without any cravings. Quality 5, size 3, legs 5. Overall decent dips I wouldn't go looking for them but I'm not unhappy about getting them there standard d for what's going around 412 right now.   Red red bulls - trash I don't get anything from then. 2/10. Most of my people say there ok or weak and one that smokes them says there fire he loves them. No rush no legs size is ok there not fat but not small. There's fat ones in there. Don't fuck with these.   Has anyone heard of blue Dolphins ? What's the best ones going around in 412 right now that are worth looking for n hunting down ? 
(r) fire ball/bentley/sammy soda 609 Sorry it's been a while. Times been a little rough.  Fire Ball: Blue stamp double seal. Overall 5/10 decent rush, good legs. Middle of the road d.   Bentley: Green stamp, Double seal. Overall 3/10 Almost no rush, enough to get you right but no high. 5/10 on legs. Again no high but will get you through your day. Avoid this stamp.  Sammy Sosa: Green stamp, Double seal. Overall 7.5/10. Great rush, great legs. Good old fashioned d. Maybe it's the recent run of ehh shit but either way if it's around I'd grab it. I made sure to grab enough for this storm. Everyone stay safe out there.   P.s. It is Sammy Sosa I fucked up in the title to the post. My mobile device auto corrected it to soda. That's my story and I'm sticking to it lol....
724 green $ preprint (r) This is by far the best I've had in a long time.  Legs  7- 7.5/ 10. Been a couple hours since I snorted less than my usual dose and I'm feeling great. Quality 8/10 fattest I've seen in a while  Quality 8/10 finally found "paint chip" dope! I know that looks don't mean anything but it's a nice tan color, doesn't burn or taste funny when snorted.  Overall 8/10 I don't believe there is anything that's 10/10 and 9/10 or me would be pure straight from the manufacturer. I usually snort at least 4 at a time and did one when I picked it up just to be safe and I felt pretty damn good off just one. Granted I wasn't sick.  Hope everyone is having a good day and stay safe fam! 
215 (r) block party and antichrist Block party. (9)is a blend of D and sleepy cut.  Be careful on methadone and was very strong esp. On 2nd slice. Be Careful!  Antichirist (8) real dark. real bitter. Real Deisel. Not to noddy like block party has good legs.
(r) plane bags untapped 412 plan white bags untapped fetty 2/10 I don't care for fetty  shit but it will get you straight ...has any one tried the walmarts that are out now?
(r)412 another review Alright so after getting the fetty waps for a week/week and a half that I personally liked, at least my batch that I was getting was good. My main ran out of Fetty Wap jawns. So I got 2 new ones to review and im pretty sure these are replacing the Fetty's. So onto the first:  1) 100% Blue stamp. I really enjoyed these even after I pissed myself off on the first shot by missing it but that's a whole nother thing. But the rush on these were real nice id say there about a 5-5.5/10 quality wise. Onto the Size these were all average sized, none overly big none small so ill take It. Overall I enjoyed them and would definitely get them again. And by the way the legs on these were great. I didn't get another bun until about 36 hours after doing them on sunday and at that point I was just starting to sneeze so they held very well and I have a pretty sizeable habit of at least 2 buns a day.   2)Red Louis Vuitton with picture of the LV symbol above the words. So these were the newest out of them all. Just got them today. I grabbed my normal 2 buns for the day and got down to business. I really bv4 enjoyed the rush on these. From head to toe it hit me nice and strong just how we all like it. So onto the quality again good solid D, exactly what ive come to expect from my main dude and he doesnt disappoint. 5.5/10. Onto the size every single bag so far has been average to above average. Legs I can't comment on that yet but ill update later on.   Overall if you hear about these 2 id grab them up. Both are good old solid D. No bullshit cut left behind they both mix up very well and have that nice d color. None of that bullshit fent either. These are both from an IV perspective
(r) stranger danger (609) ac Pre stamp bags stranger danger straight garbage mix's up a dirty black color with a funny smell 
(r) 412 black label, true religion, blood money theyve been comin in colored bags  true religion green bag red stamp quantity 7 quality 7 really really like these mixed up dirty tho , blood money green bag red stamp quantity 6.5 quality 5 leaves alot of residue, black label blue bag black stamp, quantity 7 quality 6. all these were fat bags that the d just falls out n leaves no scraps might be cut with some fent
412 (r) Mojo red preprint 5-6 good fetty
(r) glock stamp is 'glock', with picture of a gun. both pic and lettering is blue.   overall it a solid 5.5-6.  count is a tad small, but legs are really good and rush is excellent.  I'd say, everyday average to above average, diesel.   I iv and 3 dips had me feeling fine and noddy.  I would def grab again, and I will tomorrow,  lol. stay safe friends.
(r) 973 red stamp white bag * unreadable I took a trip up to Newark from 609 to cop a brick with a friend of mine earlier this week.  Red stamp with a face that looks like an alien head with blurred red text beneath it; it's unreadable... the dope was really nice tho size 7/10 legs 7/10 rush 7... this was the best shit I have had in a while... most of the shit out of 609 sucks it was really nice finally get my hands on something with legs... curious as to what the name is??
(d)(r)724 red shine pre-print Fetty once again. I wished these dam young dope boys wouldn't be so fucking dumb. I guess it's hard to expect better from these high school drop outs from the hood. Everything to these ducks is dope until 4-6 months after they catch a case and ghat shizzle gets back from the lab. If the Pennsylvania legislature ever passes sentence enhancements now, as they did in the 80's with crack, I bet these dumb ducks will either start being honest or at the very minimum make it their priority to know what the fuck they are selling.  As a junkie, dope fiend or more politically correct,  addict, I honestly hope they (the legislature)  pass stringent enhancements, that make the 80's crack legislation look like serving peach cobbler to drug dealers, myself included. That way you can bet, heroin will work back to normal levels of availability.  Anyway on with the review of Shine. Guaranteed exact same fentanyl that was in the bags I reviewed the other day. The King pre-print.  Shine as well as The King pre-prints. 4.5-5 all the way around. It's fetty folks, just be careful. I have to say for fetty this shit holds more than one would think. Anyway stay safe.
412 (r) red ysl, red star with smile face hands n feet, blue dorry, blue ladybug, preprint cobra - all fent preprint jackpot d YSL are the best at a 5.5. Rest are about a 5.  Preprint jackpot is D and prob gets a 4 maybe 5 tops.  There is another blue preprint that has the same stuff as the cobras and oldschools in it (grainy stuff).. might have been horsy or something like that. They were a 5 as well.   These are all within past few days.
(r) hot sauce and target I reviewed hot sauce a week ago, but I got the same named bag, with a different stamp.  this time the bag is white,  with blue lettering and it just has 'hot sauce' in regular letters.  overall, I give it a 6.5.  bags were fat, it has good legs (more than 24 hrs before sickness sets in), and a quality rush.  definitely pick this up if you run across it, it is quality d in the 412.     also, target bags with grey lettering.  overall a solid 5.  decent legs and rush, but the size is mehh.  I would pick it up if hot sauce isn't around. it's still good d, just not filled as much and not the punch as hot sauce,  but again worth picking up if d is your thing. stay safe friends.
(r) the king - pre-print Straight fetty. I wouldn't insult anyone by rating this fucking garbage. I'll get you well fetty style. Let's call it a 4-4.5. Nothing special about these fucks, other than the lying ass nigga thing me its real dope. I would had known but I had a dumb fuck pick it up for me that don't know the difference.  Let me emphatically state here that anyone that can't pick up a sack of shizzle and tell the difference between fetty and #4 ECP is a dumb Cocksucker or just plain old brain dead, unless it's a dark thick glassine that can't be seen through. If fact if you zany tell the difference, you ain't got no fucking business in the game.
(hat) 973 black ceasar? (r) lemonade I have one of these and some other fire called Lemonade w  euphoric  stamp...   i was told the black ceasar is fiya... just dont want to waste it by not topping off with other stamp... Id give the lemonade 6.5/10   nice count, but could cook up a little cleaner, other than that, long legs, nice euphoric high...
(r) 724-now and later green Now and Later green stamped and taped bags. Most likely came from N Jersey somewhere. Average Diesel.  Quality-4-4.5 Quantity-5 Rush- 3 Legs-4   Once again folks I just want to say I'm a pretty old and worn out fiend. This shit may be alright for those with a lighter tolerance. As far as I'm concerned, if I called the man and this was his offering , I wouldn't run to cop unless I was to the point of leaking out of every orifice. Uno just saying. 
fetty wap (r) 412 I saw some reviews on here about it being garbage some said there were 2 different batches and one was alright so heres my take on the batch I got from my main dude:  Red print white bags that say Fetty Wap and have a picture of his face.  Quality-5 the batch I have comes out nice and flaky and when hit with water it is a nice golden color and leaves no cut behind Size- 6-6.5 each and every one of them has been great sized im pretty happy about the size of these Rush- 5.5-6. Pretty nice rush all over from head to toe  Legs- cant comment on this quite yet as its only been about 2 hours but im still real noddy. Ill edit the post after it has time to set in.   All in all I have no complaints from these whatsoever. They're some good old D and I would get them again. Like I said at the beginning ive heard about 2 different batches going around but I definitely ended up with the good one if thats the case
(r) bingo ptown Stay away from this if you can. Straight garbage, will get you straight but thats about it. Not even worth the gas money to go pick this up.
(r) 412 super review bonanza Here's what I've been snacking on this week:  Blue nikes, says just do it underneath: most likely fent. Overall I'd give them a 6/10. The legs are impressive on these! I was in a pinch a few days ago, and even with a pretty sizeable habit I was able to get by on 2 bags for an entire day when I paired them with tagamet. (Seriously doubles the length of your high, if you haven't tried it, please do! You won't regret it. Take 2 tablets right after you get down and notice the difference it makes. It will even give mediocre fent bags long, sexy legs. ) Quality 6/10 Size 5/10 Legs 5/10  Red XXX's: STRONG fent. Leaves mad cut behind, but it can be rinsed a few times if you are in a pinch and still keep you chugging along.  The legs suck, but with tagamet they can be stretched to a pretty normal length. SUPA DUPA NODS. Quality 6.5/10 Size 6/10 Legs 3/10  Preprinted Jackpots: Good 'ol normal tan dope. Nice rush. Pretty average all around, but with all the fent going around out here I'm always happy to find an old friend. A little cut left behind, but it beefs up the cotton pretty good for emergencies. Nice, slow, creeping rush. You can taste it right after. Quality 6/10 Size 6.5/10 Legs 7/10 (think of stilt walkers in a parade: these are that when paired with tagamet.)  Yinz stay safe!
(r) 724 rolling dice pre-print Red Pre-Print bag of two rolling dice with the words Rolling Dice printed on the dice themselves.  Quality-4.5-5 Quantity-5.5 Rush-2-3 Legs-12 hours so far.  These bags will take you off sick and probably get some folks high on the lower tolerance level. I feel the shizzle was a ECP/Dope mix. Most likely why it didn't do much for me. My tolerance I'd just screwed. Stay safe out there.
(r) red checkers and 'i'm apache' been getting the same stuff in diff preprints for months. its great stuff and all my circle of friends will wait hours on it if dude isn't available right away, even when we have many dudes with 5/10 shit. so me and the 2 other 7-10 year IV Habit users sitting next to me rate  them 6-6.5 out of ten. size great legs great(diesel length)...everyone loves these...412
multi-review from the last couple weeks (r) First things first this is my first topic. Ive been in the dope game for about 7-8 years now. Damn time flies when your high. I remember having a brick a day habit back when those killer theraflu's came around. I got my hands on a single bag and got blitzed. Some of the best shit I've had. So ive beem around and have tried tons of different shit. I have a bunch of connects throughout the city and even have some in the valley. Sidenote im not a big fan of the fetty shit that seems to be everywhere. So onto the reviews: lately I will say I've been fucking around wit my city boyz for the most part  1) blue first 48s white bag just letters. Definitely some D. All bags were average size nothing crazy but I enjoyed getting these. Quality-5 legs-6 they lasted me a good while til I started feeling shitty about a full 24 hours.   2) blue Bobby Brown's with a picture of his face. These were from the same batch as the first 48se. Just a lil better on the quality side id say around a 5.5. I liked these a tad bit better then the first 48s but couldn't go wrong with either   3) red Pokemon with a picture of pikachu. Size wise they were all average to above average. Quality-5.5 they were a tad better then the first 48s with a much better rush. The legs on these were tremendous i could go over 24 hours between doses and still not feel sick.   4) red coming soon with the words in a construction triangle type thing. Bag size were average with none being very big. Quality - 4.5 they were a step below all the other ones I just named. Legs were also a tad bit less too  5)preprint red devils. Size wise they were all around average with a random 2-3 being pretty huge. Quality- I was pretty surprised cause I hate getting untaped bags they usually are never good but these shocked me these were very good around a 6. It was the kinda dope thats been goin around that had some sparkles in it. I onlu did 3 of these at a time and it had me nodding out. Legs were okay too   6) blue supermans. With the superman logo. I really liked these. Quality-6 i got a real nice rush from these and the legs were also nice. Size of the bags were very nice above average for sure  7) green deebo. Quality a 5.5. Size around a 6. I personally liked these too and they were coming with the supermans. I get a nice rush frkm these just a little less than the superman  8) purple pandas with a picture of a panda. Quality-5. Size- all were average no small ones. Decent rush but the legs were a little lacking but still not bad compared to some of the bags i hear that are going around  9) green happy birthday Quality- im gonna be generous here and give them a 1.5. These were definitely some sort of fent but garbage. I did a bun in under 30 mins and didnt feel much. It was something just not much. Avoid at all costs. Sidenote all the other ones I listed are from my main man. These were from some random dude I met at a gas station so I chalked it up to a 50 gamble to see if he could be a decent new plug. Oh well he has decent coke at least.   10) green MCM. Quality- 5. Size all were average none were overly small. Very nice rush on these and legs to match.   11) blue Nikes with symbol and just do it underneath. *****these were definitely Fent!******** Quality-6.5-7. I did Half my normal dose and im glad I did. The rush on these were super intense and the high actually lasted for a few hours. It was quality fent but I still dont like it. Size- all bags were above average and left no cut in the spoon. Even tho I dont like fent I didnt mind these  I think thats all I got for now. All of these were good ole h except the 2 noted. I love my dboy he isn't jumping ship to that fent garbage and keeps the nice dope coming in. Ive been fucking with him for 6 years now and ive had bad shit from him 4 times in that span. Needless to say im lucky and its super cheap for me. I hope y'all find some of the ones I listed you won't be disappointed. Any questions just ask 
(r) blue good pussy ptown Quantity 7 Quality 7 Legs 8 
(r) 724 ATICK White bag black lettering taped.  This shizzle was straight bunk. Yes there was some dope in it. Yes it had a great iced tea color. But still this shitz wasn't shit. Since I already wasn't dope sick, I can't even tell you what or if it did anything to me. Avoid at all costs
(r)412(hat)first 48 Just couple reviews would say these are all a 5.5 all preprints red checker pattern..vamps..foxy..K.o. and has anyone tried ones called first 48
(r) old school - 609 OLD SCHOOL pre print...meh... 1/10 I had some sub in my system but I've done other shit under the same circumstances and felt more.... I think I have only had one decent preprint in the last year they are usually a disappointment; glad I didn't get that many.  fucking garbage bunk ass shit im sick of it.
(r) 724 - 2 gunns 2 GUNNS w/ picture of 2 guns facing towards " 2 GUNNS "  White bag, purple stamp. Bags were taped so as they were of various sizes, although the taping seemed to be even.  Size 4.5 Quality 5.5-6 Rush 5 creeper Legs TBD 6 currently 7 hours in and still feel fine. ROA IV Number of Bags 5  I liked better than both Spiders and Hot Sauce
(r) 973 ptown blue-"first aid" skull & bones grafic under letters fucken fire!!    Well the dope gods have decided that the run of mediocre diesel from ptown is slowing down.  I was supposed to get pride again, and my guy says it's the same stuff diff stamp...I'm thinking yea, ok you wanna charge me 20 extra for this special stuff and now you wanna give me something else for the same price. I've played this game before with the ptown corner boys. So I tell him I wanna try it before I take it. Well what do ya know it actually is the same stuff.       Solid 7-7.5 all around...my wife and I usually split a brick in a night but I was great with 8 when I copped at 1pm yesterday, then did a bun around 1am nodding face again, and 7 for work this morning...feeling like super man.    So there's at least 2 fire Stamps going around down the hill by the main Blue-"Pride" just letters, and Blue-"First Aid" with a skull and cross bones above the lettering.      Stay safe out there guys, and let get some more Paterson info going on this site again...I know I'm not the only one taking trips semi daily out there 
(r) 412 Cobras/kiss mes/avatar helmet?? Preprints. Same fetty for months as oldschools, KOs and plain white etc. 6/10 Love this stuff, for fetty has legs keeps me right for hours. Had several friends OD so be careful if not used to fetty or low tolerance. Sadly I been gettin these steady for so long that I fucked myself. When I have to get brown it just doesnt do anything... And I have no other sources for fetty. Anyone willing to help pm me, ill help back (sry if not allowed)  The king, black preprint w gorilla. Was part D and part fetty. 3/10   Walmart, face offs. I dont do D but id say good for D 2/10 , but keep in mind I done fetty for 8 mos straight heard there's a plus that are supposedly fire D.   Head games w skull. I think cut w shifty fetty also D. 3/10. Be careful tho saw ppl fall out on em  Black witch out. 2/10' bad D I think real cloudy and light
(r) 973 ptown - blue "pride" & red "frank lucas" Well finally I've found something worth getting again. Blue -pride super excited about this one, was only able to grab a bun, and had to split it with my wife, but 5 bags had me itching, nodding, just all around great.  I'd rate it at a solid 7-7.5.  My wife and I usually split a movie, but cash was right so 2 bunnys had to get us to payday.   Now the Red -Frank Lucas I'd rate this stuff on par with what I'd been getting until the pride...it's decent 4.5-5.0, but nothing to write home about.  Back to the pride...I was able to grab this over in my usual area from my normal connect, down the hill, right off the main.  My dude is charging a little more for this stuff but he always negotiates...asked me for 40 for the bun yesterday, I told him I'd give him 65 for the 2 bc I knew the Frank would be just eh, from looking at how it was packaged.  So whenever my check gets here I'll be copping a movie for 170...more than I usually pay in ptown, but I haven't had fire like this from there since 07-08  Where's all the ptown heads at...gotta help each other out and get this info out there l so we can stay with that fire shit
412 (r) 215 (d) I had some The Purge bags. Sad to say maybe 2.5-3. I wouldn't cop these again if they was $20 a bun. Stay Away.  I also been getting those Spiders and Hot sause. They looked great in the gimmick but we're rather disappointing . I really didn't get much from them , until I had 15 in the cooker.  I starting to think its a tolerance thing. I been doing Philly shizzle for a year and I have to say there be a big difference between Philly and the burgh.  Short story. I'm 55 and been banging dope since I was 13. Lately I'm usually a bunny a bang dude with burgh shizzle and 5-7 a bang Philly shitz. Any way ran into a double seal in N Philly called Anti-Christ. Imeadiately after getting to 3 dumped in the cooker and getting ready to peal and dump 2 more dude from Lancaster says whoa what you doing, better slow down partner. So I really inspected my cooker and noticed they were pretty fat bags so I threw 25 units on this dope that was perfectly honey mustard color. Almost yellow, but a dull yellow. Soon as the water hit the shitz the mix came back black. Best dope I ever did since 1973. I would have rated it a 7.5 because I'm hard on the scale, but after my best friend muscled ( he ain't got no arm viens) a little less than half a sack and od'd ( thank the lord this spot was buy the N Exchange and had narcan), I know now that shizzle may have been the 9 I always want. Copped 220 bunny's of that shitz, Got the plugs #. Went back 8 days later and # was dead and could never find them Rican's again.  
(r) 609 gucci (both green and black stamp) Starting with the green stamp gucci it's 2 Gs with Gucci written underneath. Double sealed. 3/10. Decent size but little rush. If you do enough of them you will nod but that's about anything you do. They just get you right and have the legs to get you thru your day. The black stamp, bigger G, Double seal as well 1.5/10. Pours put of the bag into a mound. Brown. Breaks up almost like a pill it's crunchy (lol hard to describe). It'll give you a little something with legs like fent but honestly couldn't tell you what the fuck is in the bags. Stay way.  One other thing. As I'm sure your aware I'm pretty new around here and I noticed a theme of people bitching about HAT posts with the argument of using the search. Thing is this shit changes. In the case of the green gucci 6 months ago this sub was loving it giving out 7s. Had I posted a HAT I may have gotten some more recent reviews and new it wasn't that great. Now I agree you shouldn't just throw out HAT's and never review anything. At the same time I think that if you search and it's been over a month since a review it's fair for someone to ask because a lot can change in a month. Stay safe our there. 
(r) 973 ptown red "black diamond" & purple "7up" Red-Black Diamond...Solid pickup...5.5 all around. Saw my usual ptown connect down the hill by THe MaIN block  Purple 7up..,was kinda eh, copped 5 bags less than the diamond but don't think 5 more have changed my kind about it..4-4.5...it got me well but didn't last super long...15-16hrs later feeling eh  Where my Paterson peeps at, haven't seen anything from my area in a while...thinking of cold copping in the 4th to get some new numbers 
(r) 609 blue stamp dope The letter O is a picture of a bomb. Double seal. 7/10. Best stuff I've had in a while. Only complaint is the bags are a little light. Great rush & long legs. I had the same stamp not doubled about 3 to 5 weeks ago it was 4/10 & that might be generous. 
(r) dead presidents, has words only on it I got ripped off when buying this,  but I did get 3 bags. I did try two at once and got nice and high, but wasn't nodding. Give it a solid 5. Would buy if I didn't have another option, but Spiders are better bags and readily available.
(r) spider stamp, labeled spider, with some logo might be a spider Let me tell you my rating. One time I had a single bag I split with my X wife and we both OD'd and spent a week in the hospital and nearly died. I have nerve damage 12 years later as a result. That's a 10, lethal. A 1 is garbage, basically fake. A perfect bag to me is a 6.5, you need two to really nod off, but one gets you nice and high.  This stamp is a solid 5.5-6. Not my perfect strength, but good and strong. 3 makes me nod completely, two is not quite there. 2.5 is perfect.  I'd recommend it.
(r) dragon stamp, just has the word dragon See my other posts about my rating system, but I consider a perfect bag a 6.5 where two makes you totally nod, so I can control how high I want to get. 10 is lethal, 1 is fake...  These bags are a solid 2.5-3. Not the worst, but with 4 at once I was high, I just wasn't nodding. I wouldn't buy again if I had a chance.  These are from 412/724.  They are not evenly sized, some really fat, some thin. They are super sticky, need a razor to scrape a bunch off the paper after tearing it apart.
(r) 609 ac mortal combat It was very good for the south jersey lately mixed up nice like it was all d because the shit I been getting has been mostly fent or what I think but very good can't wait to get it again in about 1 hour
(r) eastsidekid412 is a thief and a liar, beware! Picked him up at Kings in Monroeville, he gave me a few do do in front of him so he knew I wasn't a cop, 3 for $30. Then took me downtown to get 3 buns for another $180. He "called" his guy on the way, and got a "call" too. Left his phone in the car when he ran into subway station to meet him. I waited an hour and checked his phone only to find out it is not activated. He never returned, took the money and ran. He is a liar, and a thief.  Scum like him shouldn't be allowed to roam free. Watch out for this scum bag.
(r) fireball 609 6/10 SIZE, 6/10 RUSH not sure about legs yet; decent D. white bag, blue stamp: FIRE  BALL
(r) good burger blue stamp ptown GOOD BURGER Ill give it 6.5/7 i kept burning the floor wit my cigarette knodding hard is fuck....been getting it past two weeks i think it gets better and better personally...Its FIRE 
(r) 412 chef curry, dead presidents, chanel Chef curry & dead presidents were purple, 8\10 regular dope. Best I've found in a while out here. Chanels were blue, and this is why I'm actually posting this: they hit fine and seem okay but after about an hour you get sick, like c fever sick. Confirmed by others and multiple times. Anyone have this happen to them with these? Very confusing. I'd rate them 6\10 if they didn't do that, is better than being regular sick but still not fun. Totally reminds you that it could be good knows what in there. Hope everyone is staying safe.
(r) hbo and alive ptown HBO - red stamp  I'd give it a 6.5-7 it had me nodding hard as fuck. I was told it was like a 6-6.5 but I personally really like it. It that perfect off white color Nd decent size bags but I will definitely cop more if I can   Alive - blue stamp  I'd also give this a 6.5-7 it is all around very good shit. 
(r) 609 bazooka Double Seal blue stamp. Decent size, decent legs. 6.5/10 Had the same stamp not in double about 4-6 months ago it was terrible. Call it luck!!!???!!
(r) 609 dreamer Decent size bags.  6.5/10. Pretty good legs
(r) ether- red stamp... paterson Just copped this shit and mannn am i fucking nodding heavy rn.. 6.8/10 very clean rush with perfect legs so far and quantity is on point... Very good dope and it mixes up to that perfect iced tea color.. Paterson has been slacking lately so today was definitely a good day to be a dope fiend!!
(r) 609 tsunami  Not bad.  Double seals not fat bags but average. Rate it a 6/10
(r) money bags (pre-print) with green bag with $ sign on it.. paterson I asked before if any one tried but no one helped me out so i bought em anyway- it's a 6/10 with decent legs the bags are on the smaller side but nothing crazy just average size i guess... 
(r) 973 ptown purple "hoodlum gang" Copped this yesterday from usual ptown connect. Movie was wrapped in like 5 rubber bands, weird usually the movies I get out here are wrapped in tape, but this time I met him a few blocks away from THe Main block...anyway nothing special 5.5/10 overall decent legs tho, at 22hr since using not feeling bad yet...good luck, and stay safe out there 
(r)412 Preprint Loco 4.5/ 10 these are fet that all white shit that gives u good rush n high for an hour or 2 n the legs aren't great but not terrible either. Blue pokemon 5/10 reg d. Any one seen purple stamp Hennessey yet?
(r)412 henessy Purple henessy 5.5/10 these are pretty decent fent ones not sure about the legs yet. My girl sniffs em tho and she is defly noticbly higher than me and she dI'd one less than her normal 5 I banged my usual 5 and Def feeling good but she's rocked lol. Wonder if it's cut with some kinda pill that got filtered out or sumthin? Anyone have any thoughts? Ive defly disagreed with ppl that sniff they like shit I don't necessarily like n the other way round but like i said she even agrees she seems a hell of alot higher than me lol.
(r) 973 ptown shottas (R) 973 pTown. Shottas red letters. Tried two different batches. Both are real good. I'd say a 6.5 7. The first batch being better. 
(r) good burger logo 973ptown Good burger logo like the movie bluestamp  6.5 7 pretty good...bags nice size not small not big
(r) 609 blue kanye Decent size bags 7/10. Odd cut that the first couple bags I sniffed had me coughing. Not bad legs  (T-town)
(r) 215 - 100% good - blue stamp, blue bag, double seal I got 1.5 bundles on friday and it was really good. 7+, lasted a while, had me scratcin, and fat bags. then monday i get 7 bags and I dump it out to sniff. The bags are a little smaller but the dope looks powdery and same color and consistency. As soon as I sniffed it I wanted to blow it back out. It burned but not like a coke burn. It was more like snorting Fiberglass. I thought maybe it was just that one bag, so I did another one and same thing. This is a phone connect so I call him up. He said he got complaints that it was burning but that it still was good. it was hard for me to tell since I had taken a xanax bar and had other dope in me. So that night I went and copped some more "it aint ez". They are small bags but not bad dope.  Well this morning I mixed the 2 bags, It Aint EZ and 100% Good. It made it so that I could at least sniff it with very little burn. I have to say that it had me nodding at work reading me emails. I don't know if it was the Xanax bar I took before bed but I was zonked out. It's afternoon so I'm about to mix the 2 bags again. At least the dude with the 100% said he would take care of me when I see him again. He called this mornig and said he has 'Punisher"
(hat) 609 super bowl double seal & (r) white tiger/ wifi New to posting on reddit so please bear with me. First thing is has anyone tried Super Bowl. It's in a white bag, blue stamp, and double sealed. In a very rare occasion I'm in a little bit of WD's so I can't give a solid review until tomorrow but wondering if anyone has tried. Also in the south of t town there is White Tiger (red stamp) & Wifi  (blue stamp). It's the same stuff in different bags but bricks can come wrapped mixed. 3/10. It will keep you from getting sick and has legs to keep you normal for a while but your not getting high. Would of gave it a 2 but if you need to get through work it has the legs to do it. Stay safe out there.
(r) 412 What's up 412 where is everyone? Alot of my boys still got them damn googles which actually aren't bad there a solid 5.5 regular d. One dude finally switched it up got some blue frank lucas 5.5/10 these are aactually pretty good reg. H. The rush isn't super stronge but they defly mix up real nice and get u nodding real good and have great legs. And I also got those new world preprints there like a 4.5/10 there fet with a decent rush n high but no legs. Where's everyone at tho 412? There's hardly any reviews for us what's everyone been grabbin?
(r) ptown.. blackjack (pre-print) 5/10 i only say 5/10 because the bags are sooooooooo smalll but the dope is mad good so if the bags were actually on point it would be 7/10 
(r) 609 death wish Best I've had in t town in awhile.  Double seals and rate 9/10
(r)412 old school Purple ish blueish pre print old schools.. fiiire easy 7 cuz it has it all.. legs rush and size.. although some r a tad small the big ones make up for it making them above avg.. several people I know told me 1 gets em really nice and afterwards they can get two bumps per bag these are the nasalers.. IV people say it's very clean with amazing rush and crazy legs.. many drew comparisons to bats saying they are on that  level.. I agree.. also been getting green ultimate warriors and they best out period..8 for sure.. 2 put me down for 1.5 hrs when I came too I had 38 missed texts 8 missed calls and was in front a strangers house up the block from my mans. They old ones that swung back around for a quick second if u happen to come across either of these proceed with caution especially the ultimate warriors green.. with those do 1 fourth your usual dose if not 1 sixth..
(r) my dm black envelope graphic 412 My main dude had me try these the other day and now has them, I give em a solid 5.5 maybe 6 and they r huge, the one downside is there's a wierd cut in them that stays behind in the cooker but other than that they r worth grabbin!!
(r) 412 - deebo Ran into the new deebos. Stamp different, folded different than the old ones. Most everything disolves. I will say 5. Was already pretty lit when I tried them but I still felt a bit of a rush.  Was worried when my dude ran outta what he had this morning but these do the trick.
(r) 412 blue stamp text "approved" followed by check mark in box. (fent) These are like the pepsi and gmc solid 5 in my opinion. Some bags are super fat some just meh. Def not H/D. Most likely fent or some analoug. I reviewed this stamp before however it was stamped vertically these ones im reviewing now are normal horrizontal stamp.
(r) white diamonds (blue) 412 4.5 some average if not slightly  below average d. not garbage, they jus cut it too strong  i believe. there's better out there. at least these aren't shit f.
(r) 215 - blue bag, red stamp - "it aint ez boy" this is a stamp i have been getting from a phone connect for about 1 month. it's pretty good but the bags are small and inconsistent. out of a bundle of 14 maybe 4 nice ones, 6 ok ones and 4 ones that are like half. anyway, has nice effect 7 lasts a while 6 overall i like it, just wish they were bigger.  Has anyone had these?
(r) ptown Just cold copped today. Was a bit sceptical cause I lost my guys number so I had to drive up. Got a rainbow stamp "Coco" with a smiley face on it. I was impressed. Mixed nice and clean, great count, overall a firm 9. I recommend it 
(r) 412 land rover Black land rover stamp 4.5/10 regular d
(r) 412 reviews, discusion Red preprint amp 5.5/10 these are fet good rush and feeling great right now just did em tho so not sure on the legs yet. Shaka zulu 4/10 these weren't that wierd shit like the last batch of them. Blue high 4 life 4.5/10 these are regular d. What's up with 412 tho what's everyone been gettin recently? I had to sit it down for a little bit so I just got back a couple weeks ago and shit hasn't been to good since them sorry 4 da waits dissapeared. There's defly alot of (hat) right now. Just don't forget guys after u do cop even if not else tried them yet at least  come back and let us know wat u did get and how they were. Lastly has anyone tried, preprint money bags, or those tuna fish recently ? Those were my only options tonight and I went with the amps.
(hat) ride or die and some (r) Has anyone tried Ride or Die, if so are they fent or D? Lately I been doing Blue Superman which were a 5, they were D. Got these purple unicorns and loved them really would say a 7/10 but that may be cause theyre fent. Shit had me fucked up. Also had Maybachs and Kmart (Big K) these were around a 6 i'd say. I liked them. They seemed like some kind of weird analog. The powder was really fine kinda instead of the typical chunks you see in D. Maybe im wrong though.
(r) 412 blue stamp sale I'd give these a 5.5. 6 rush, 4 legs and 5 nods. I saw a review of these not long ago that said they are garbage and we're rated a 2 I believe so they might be coming from 2 diff places so proceed with caution you know how it goes 
(r) ptown high power High power.  Blue stamp and has picture of dinomite.  I'd give it a 5 it is just all around OK in my book. I'd get again only if I was hurting Nd low on cash just not to risk getting garbage.
(r) always good red Always Good 6.5/10 purple pre print Take Overs 6/10 red Star Wars 4/10 maybe a 5 compared to what's out there 
(r) 412 Black trap phone these are fet pretty good to 6/10 legs are average  that's the only downfall to these. Black google 5.5/10 regular d. Green 365 with a Benz symbol under the # 5/10.  Black china white 3/10 steer clear. These are all in the last few days.
(r) in the 215. hard to tell the stamp. it looks like a guy from chest up with 2 words under him This is through a phone connect. This is my backup if the first person doesn't answer. Not too bad. I usually snort and don't shoot anymore. 7 - for effect 7 - for legs 4 - count.....very inconsistent, sometimes there isn't much and sometimes it's a nice pile.
(r) 609 - empire Empire: small white double seal bag with red EMPIRE Stamp, decent size, nice brown slightly cloudy color when mixed, solid 6/10.  
(r) red trump usa and red ggg. Quick review.  Both bags same dope with wierd cut.  Do not confuse the earlier review of 'trump' with 'trump usa'.    Completely different stuff. The trump usa and ggg are the same and id give them a 4.5-5.  You gotta hit em with a little heat to clear the murkiness up.  Legs are average, but size is above average.  Stay safe
(r) 412 "easy money" "shelby cobra" Both are straight dope, red stamp, and both are a 6/10 across the board might even be a 7 but I've been doing fent for a good week so my tolerance is wonky.
(r) red stamp 'trump' Really good d. Has long legs and the bags are fat. It was a little pricier than normal, but you get what you pay for.  Would definitely recommend. Its nice to finally have a consistent plug with consistent d.  Stay safe
(r) 412 red stamp gmc (fent) Fent or some analoug. Give em a 5.  EDIT: im revising this and going with a solid 6. Worth the money if fent is your thing. Mixes clear leaves some rewashable residue behind which u can add water to filter and shoot again for another buzz. For the love of god do NOT add heat to aby of your shit. When u do you are just disolving unwanted crap thats going straight into your system.
(r) green deebos Definitely d  Quality 6 Quantity 5.5 - some smaller but not many Legs so far 6 ... Will let you know if that changes
(r) ptown It's magic - blue stamp -6 maby6.5  Joy - red stamp - 5 but the last batch I got 2 day ago was better like strong 6  Paid on full - red stamp - 4.5-5 - kinda dissapointing but did the job  Overall I been getting in same "place" so mostly same shit just different strengths depending on amount of cut.. Would really like to find some fire. But I am wary to chase stamps on here sometime. Thier seems to b 1-2 users who consitiantly put way higher rating then in reality. But I come on here more and more recently because the core group of posters here are very helpful and with the exception of 1-2 ppl the review's are very good and are accurate I appreciate the Post's, especially to avoid the garbage.
(r) thunder/ another warning Ptown: Thunder (blue stamp) quality 7 quantity was as expected for paterson. And had pretty nice legs no complaints on this dope deff seek this out if you can  WARNING: there was someone on here who commented a users real life name under one of my posts and it made its way to the police in the matter of a day so SOMEONE IS WATCHING THIS THREAD BE EXTRA CAREFUL BROPIATES! 
(r) 412 blue stamp do not enter solid 6
412 (r) russia , face off Both good d dips. Face off 6/10  Russia's bout the same maybe 5.5/10-5/10 haven't done enough of em yet. 
Finally scored a clean rig
Bought shoes instead of drugs....wait shit.
Hammas off the dope I haven't been posting much here lately, so I figured I'd give you guys an update. I met a wonderful, beautiful girl who has been nursing me through withdrawal. Things are actually looking up for once. Once I'm done with this detox I'll go back to posting cool shit and commenting, and who knows, I might relapse. But I'm 4 days in :) love you guys
Ahh, left overs from when I used to take the small doses...
Luckily my dads a psychiatrist and is helping me through withdrawal. Thanks for understanding this time father.
And refill day is this week :) this pic is cute... I'll post some better porn in alil bit
50 days clean today. 50 days ago the most traumatic thing ever happened to me, my fiance overdosed and I woke up next to her. told myself I didn't want to touch this shit again ever, and 50 days later still haven't.
It's been 4 years as of today and if it's even possible to believe people are faker now than they were when this shit took you away from me. It's been 8 years since we started together. Man we thought those oxys were strong til we found dope. Some people spiral right away but we seemed to hold it all together pretty well until all of a sudden we couldn't. I used to beg you not to slam without me there. You were such a tiny little girl but you thought we were bulletproof. It only took one time without me there. We'd never fallen out before. We thought we were special. But I didn't even know you were doing Belushi specials till you were gone. I couldn't believe how many people showed up to your funeral claiming to have loved you, claiming to have cared for you, saying they wish they had known. Fuck those fake ass people. You probably wouldn't believe it but there were even more people being even more fake at your thing today than there were 4 years ago. But where the Fuck were they when we were down and out. Living in our cars. Stealing to get by. I don't remember anyone trying to help you and me and sara when we really fucking needed it but as soon as you were gone damn did the "friends" seem to come out of the woodwork. But I know they're fake. Sara knows they're fake. Your mom knows they're fake. Where were all those friends when we really needed it. It's been four years and I still miss you every single day. I don't know if I'll ever get over losing you. Is it even possible to get over?. Would I even want to be able to say I was over it? God that's dark even by our fucked up standards. But just know that I'm doing better. I'm not clean but I'm better. At least I'm not sleeping in a car. I still love you and I always will
I thought - I'll never get hooked on oxy I'm new here - not sure if this is the right place to post. So I am in a wheelchair and I was getting 10mg hydrocodone from the family doctor for shoulder pain -90 pills-month. I took it occasionally but it didn't do much then a slight buzz - the rest was given away to friends. I had a surgery a few months ago and I saw a different doctor in a pain clinic. I talked to him and he prescribed me oxycodone 10mg - 3 times a day x 30 days. I've been abusing the 3 pills a day rule lately by taking 2 at once and it's a bitch to stop, I take it even if I don't have pain. I'm seeking advice or help from other people that kicked the habit. I'd like to try coke though heh.
Shitty pill porn - what's left from this evening's relapse.
5 months clean and on psychiatric meds, I've never been happier. You can be too I'm writing this for those who may be seriously depressed and addicted to opiates. You know who you are, you may have issues admitting it to others, but you know when you have a problem. 1) In my case, and in the case of many many other addicts, the addiction came about as a result of some kind of mental illness, whether you know this or not. I strongly suggest asking your doctor for a referral to a psychiatrist. You need to be honest, you may need anti-depressants, your thyroid may be low (causing low energy), your hormones may be off, or, in my case, you may have bi-polar disorder or any number of other disorders. Getting the help you need here will make it much easier to stay clean. 2) Attend meetings or 1 on 1 counseling and actually do the things they suggest you do. This almost always includes some sort of exercise (could be as simple as a 30 minute walk each day), creating a budget, dealing with your problems head on, etc. 3) Realize that you WILL get better. The first month or two are the hardest. It gets easier from there. In a period of only 5 months, I went from having crippling depression to being happy and able to hang out with friends and family with energy that I haven't had for many years. If you don't commit yourself to a lifetime of addiction, and if you're at the point where you've had enough with this depression, lack of energy, no money, etc. then this will be the best thing you can do for yourself.
How much have you lost since starting opiates. Ive pretty much lost everything and the respect from everyone around me. Yet I still dont wanna live life sober. Are some people just not wired to be sober and therefore die early? I feel like sometimes its just been my fate since I was born to turn out like this.. it sucks.. anyone feel the same way?
Someone was asking for more dope porn. I figured I'd help out a little. Today's pickup, 5 bundles. Actually 4 full and 4 bags missing out of the 5th one. Can never wait until I get home to start. Lets see how long these will last....
Some porn for the haters. Half a zip of that beautiful rocked up goodness
In your history of usage, what was your Junkie Jesus moment? Mine was when I had a car accident. jk it was when I went to help my friend move out, and her mom happened to have two full 150 tabs bottles of K57 oxy 20mg that she was about to throw out because she didn't need them anymore. It lasted me a while until it didn't lol
Mine wasnt finding drugs or receiving xtra or free drugs. Mine was i didn't have any money for dope and i new impending sickness was 8 hours away and that i would be sick for 3 days till payday. So im at work fretting away the impending doom when my wife calls and tells me i got some check in the mail. I thought it was one of those fake checks for like 5 grand loan places send you to get you to apply for a loan. So i said whatever ill look when i get home. I get home that evening and already am sneezing and have the sniffles and i open the check and its for 260$. Turns out the oral surgeon hella overcharged me a few months earlier and the check was s refund for what i overpaid. Needless to say i didnt go sick for 3 days until payday. Stayed high off that 260$ and took my fam out to a nice dinner.
Stupidity almost just landed my first felony This is a non-story since nothing happened, but it easily could have. I was fixing up a shot in my car off to the side of the parking lot of a busy strip mall across the street from a busier mall. The dope had just dissolved into the water in the spoon when I see a cop driving slowly towards me. I pulled out of my spot right in front of him before he got a chance to drive by me and look into my truck. . I was able to drive away without incident AND shockingly I didnt panic and spill the dope. I was sl incredibly dumb for trying to shoot ip in an area that I know is infested with cops. Has anyone here been busted while fixing up in their car?
Old post of mine from another sub but here's a bit of oxy
